[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host, George Noory,
and I'm here with Emery Smith.
Have humans ever worked side
by side with extraterrestrials?
Emery, welcome back
to the program.
>>EMERY SMITH: Thanks
for having me, George.
Good to be here.
>>GEORGE: Many of the
projects you have worked with,
you have dabbled with ETs.
Tell me about this camaraderie.
>>SMITH: In the projects,
especially the ones I was
involved with--
and, first of all,
let me first state
that there's thousands
of extraterrestrials
working amongst us daily
in corporations and all
around the planet.
And they look kind
of just like us.
So you wouldn't really notice
passing one in the streets,
if that was an
extraterrestrial or not.
And the majority of
extraterrestrials
that I have worked with
do look exactly like us,
with some differences
maybe in eye set,
usually with the cartilaginous
parts of the body,
like the nose and ears, might
be a little bit different.
I want everyone to know
that right off hand.
These ETs are very
compassionate.
Some have volunteered
to be here.
Some have crashed here.
Some have been shot down here.
Some, at one time, were being
held maybe against their will.
And maybe they
decided it'd be safer
for them to stay in the
projects and help us advance
different technologies,
and help teach us
about their civilizations,
and how they live,
and all their belief systems.
And one of the most
beautiful things
in working with
extraterrestrials,
of course, that I
talk about a lot
is this language of telepathy.
Because that's a
new thing that's
going to be coming out
here soon, I think,
in society within
the next decade,
is the ability to kind
of communicate just
by looking at someone, which
we're starting to do now.
People are getting
more sensitive.
People are being able
to read people better.
People are understanding
how to tell if someone's
being deceitful or not.
They also feel joy
and happiness when
someone walks into the room, and
they're very happy and joyful.
And you can look at
someone, especially
if you spent a lot of time with
someone, like your loved ones,
you know?
All I need to do is
look across the room,
and I know if I did
something wrong.
That's for sure.
And it is like this feeling.
And it starts off
with-- telepathy is not
so much of what people
see in the movies,
where "hello, George"
in my mind, and you
hear my voice-- "hello, George."
You know, "it's Emery."
It's more of an
emotion based language.
And the biggest thing I picked
up by being in the projects,
by working side by side
with these specialized
extraterrestrials that
are like scientists just
like we have scientists, doctors
just like we have doctors--
and I noticed that they're very
similar to us in many ways.
They have a very comic side
to them, a very humble side
to them.
They know that we were
once them at one point,
so they're very
compassionate about us.
And the first thing
you have to do,
when I know I'm going
to be in the same room
as an extraterrestrials
that day,
is you really got
to clear yourself
of all negative energy.
You have to clear
yourself of the fight
you had last night with
your son or daughter.
You've got to come in there
grounded, centered, and ready
to work.
>>GEORGE: Why?
>>SMITH: Because, if you go
in there, and you're upset,
and I walk in here, and
I'm very upset inside,
but you don't know it,
and I'm like "hi, George."
To them, it's like "hi, George."
OK, they feel you're
emotional already.
So, by me saying
"hello," the emotion that
went with the "hello,"
even though it was not
meant to be that way, they pick
up on my inner, deep emotions.
So they know there's
something bothering you,
and you're upset,
and it can send off
a miscommunication
to that being,
if they're not evolved enough.
>>GEORGE: Why are
they here, Emery?
Why don't they go
back to their planet?
>>SMITH: I'm not sure if we're
allowing them to go back, first
of all.
I'm not sure about that.
All I know is the
ones that I worked
with are very blessed and happy
to be here, and work with us,
and teach us new things,
and help us evolve.
>>GEORGE: Well, that doesn't
sound like a captured ET,
does it, if they're
happy here and things
are going well for them?
>>SMITH: Well, just like
the most amazing volunteers
of the world in Red
Cross, we sacrifice
ourselves to go to third
world countries that
are under famine and war.
>>GEORGE: Yeah, but we
decide that on our own.
And you're saying that
these ETs are captured.
There's a big difference.
>>SMITH: No, I'm
just saying some.
Some of these ETs have been
captured, I'm aware of.
And they had made
their own decision
to stay here, and help
us, and do things.
And I think it shows the
amount of love, consciousness,
and compassion that they
have that we don't have,
that we don't have yet.
>>GEORGE: Could they go
back if they wanted to?
>>SMITH: I'm not sure.
I think, if they
really wanted to,
they could, but they
don't tell us that.
But, I was not in part of that
security of those projects.
I'm just telling
you what I've heard
communicating with
extraterrestrials
through telepathy.
Because I ask questions.
Of course the first thing
is, "how did you get here?"
"Are you happy here?"
And they are not allowed to
say too many things, either.
They have a limit of
what should be said
and what shouldn't be said.
>>GEORGE: So they're
restricted, too.
>>SMITH: Well,
yeah, I think they
are doing the restriction,
though, to not
let out too much information.
Because we, as humans,
will get information,
like people are hearing this.
And you're going
to assimilate that
for the positive
or the negative.
And it's a very
hard thing to grasp,
listening to one of these
shows, because not everyone is
on that same page.
>>GEORGE: Are there a craft
here hidden away somewhere?
>>SMITH: Oh, yes.
There's ET craft, and
there's ETs all over.
A lot of ETs, too, people
think, like we were talking
about this the other day--
like, the oceans are a
great place for these things
to hide in.
And of course it is.
It's such a large, vast area.
But a craft can be
the size of a marble,
like just a lit up marble.
And, since they have conquered
the physics of changing
atomic structures, that you
might have a whole civilization
there-- you might
have a crew of 500
in this little glowing light.
Or, if they want to manifest
that into their real craft,
then you have
something like you see
in the movies, this giant
craft like the one that's
coming out of
Antarctica right now,
melting, this couple
mile long craft.
So there are the 3D aspects of
materialization of these craft,
going from a light
to this giant craft.
But you have to also
understand that there is
science behind how that works.
>>GEORGE: What kind
of craft are here?
Is it like a mother ship
flying around the planet?
>>SMITH: It could be.
There are craft
kind of outside of--
a little bit past some
of the closer planets,
some off of the coast
of Saturn there that
are sitting there that
are 33 miles long.
And there's a lot of craft that
are just staying a little bit
distant and kind of
watching over us and making
sure we don't blow up
the planet or anything.
I don't think there's any
evil intentions to any
of these craft that people
are seeing around the world
and in the oceans.
There's not been
anything demonstrated.
If anything, they
demonstrate that they don't
want us to use nuclear bombs.
They don't want us
to do any of this.
I think, that
being said, there's
multiple craft all around
the planet all the time.
There could be one right
now above us at 40,000 feet,
and you wouldn't see it,
because it'd be cloaked.
Because they have that
ability to do that.
You know, you see these
lenticular clouds,
and ET craft can
look like a 747.
You won't even know it.
They do this so they can get
around, and monitor, and also
show themselves in a safe way.
>>GEORGE: What kind of projects
are these ETs working on here?
What are they doing here?
>>SMITH: Oh, my goodness.
They're so involved with
reverse engineering,
helping us reverse
engineer craft, devices.
Of course, they're big
in the genetics programs.
They were in my programs where
we were just harvesting things.
>>GEORGE: Without
their input, could we
be doing what we're doing?
>>SMITH: No, that's impossible.
I mean, we go from horse and
buggy to landing on the moon.
So I think we've been
helped all along the way.
And whether we reverse
engineered something,
or they shared some
technology with us,
meeting with different
world leaders, or whatever,
we definitely have had help
in the technologically science
based arena here
in planet Earth.
>>GEORGE: What
kind of technology
have they given us that we have
utilized in our everyday life?
>>SMITH: Well, you
just look around here.
I mean, cameras, and lenses,
and infrared technologies,
thermal imaging--
you know, this was all
reverse engineered.
Everything that you see
today that's electronic
has something in it that we
did not find out for ourselves.
It's amazing that we can, number
one, reverse engineer something
from something we have
no idea, which we did.
But it's also amazing that, now,
with the advancements of ETs
working with major
corporations, and engineers,
and in the underground projects,
that new technologies come out
all the time.
And we have this,
if you've noticed,
in scientific magazines, that
the trajectory of how fast this
is happening, overnight, with
the technologies now, where you
can put something on your phone,
scan the whole room, and 3D
print the whole
room if you want--
I mean, there's these amazing
things that are coming out,
even especially with
medical technologies.
Now they're coming out with
tables that can holographically
scan your whole body, and
you can move it around,
the surgeon--
>>GEORGE: And this
is all ET related?
>>SMITH: And this is
all ET related stuff.
>>GEORGE: Do they eat?
Do they sleep?
Do they get paid?
>>SMITH: Yeah, that's a good
question, too, the payment
thing.
That was one of the questions
I asked a long time ago.
They are compensated
somehow, but I do not
know how, because they don't
use, of course, our Earth
money, unless they work on
the top side, we call it.
And as far as eating,
they do eat, some of them.
Some of them, eating is
more like a social thing--
if you want to eat, you can eat.
But you don't really have to,
because the higher beings have
an ability to transmute a
sandwich into their system
and use the good parts of that.
>>GEORGE: Without eating it--
>>SMITH: Without eating, right.
And that's why you see a
lot of ETs with these--
sometimes you see pictures of
ETs with very small mouths.
And they don't--
>>GEORGE: Slits--
>>SMITH: Right, little slits--
because they kind of gave it
up a long time ago.
And their bodies
are getting smaller.
Their heads are getting bigger.
>>GEORGE: Do they sleep?
>>SMITH: Yes, they sleep,
and just like we sleep.
They don't need to sleep.
It just depends on how
that ET wants to be--
just like here-- do you
want to be someone that eats
really healthy, or do
you want to be someone
that doesn't eat healthy?
The ETs don't need
any of this stuff.
But they do it,
because a lot of them
also are trying to have what
we call the human experience.
They want to feel, and it's
an honor for them to be here,
to have the human experience,
and to play like--
I mean, "human"
meaning this time--
at this time, George.
And to play that part,
for them, is also
an honor to do and to enjoy.
Because that gets lost
way down the road.
In a sense, the senses start to
kind of go away a little bit.
So you don't have
that-- man, waking up
the smell of a
fresh bed of roses,
because other things
have taken over, that we
evolve in a different way.
>>GEORGE: Where
do they live here?
>>SMITH: ETs live
in these facilities
underground that we have.
They're very nice, kind of
like-- it depends, also,
where the ET is from, of what
their facility looks like.
They try to make it as--
especially maybe this
ET is eight feet tall,
so we can't put them in one
of the regular barracks.
They need their own section.
>>GEORGE: Did they
genetically alter humans,
or whatever species might have
been on the planet, a long time
ago?
Are we them?
>>SMITH: My belief
system in that
is the ETs that are working
with us now did not do anything
with us genetically.
But I do believe there is an
ancient race that definitely
made us for sure.
>>GEORGE: They're our
gods, aren't they?
>>SMITH: Some refer to them
as the Nephilim, the Annunaki.
>>GEORGE: These ETs
that are here now,
you said there's
thousands of them.
How many different sects
or races are there?
>>SMITH: Yeah, I
don't know the number.
I couldn't tell you that.
I just know of maybe 10
or 20 different races.
There's probably a lot more than
that from around the systems.
And you have to
understand, too, it's
kind of a conjoint effort
of many civilizations
that are working together.
It's kind of like--
well, Emery, what's
your lineage?
What's your background?
And I'm going to give you
like 10 different things.
So an extraterrestrial, at
this point, is the same way.
Well, what's your lineage?
Are you Arcturan or Pleiadian?
It doesn't work like that.
Most people have
already interbred.
And there's many different
types of extraterrestrials
as far as lineages go.
What the interesting thing
is, all the extraterrestrials
that I've worked on
had human DNA in them.
So they somehow were
part human or something
at one point in their
genetic lineage.
>>GEORGE: How do you
know we can trust them?
>>SMITH: The only way I could
tell the public is to-- well,
let's see what they have
demonstrated so far.
It's just, to me, I trust you,
because you're demonstrating
something to me over time.
And that's how
you earn trust, is
what you demonstrate,
what have you
done to show your love and
compassion for this society
and for the planet?
So that's how I kind of--
I hate to say the word judge.
But that's how I kind of look
at things, and kind of just--
that person or that
being will be that way.
That's just because
of the way they are,
so you have to accept that.
And they have to demonstrate
how are they going to fit in,
and how are they going to be a
productive member of society,
basically.
>>GEORGE: Our "Cosmic
Disclosure" audience
is tuned into this.
They get it.
They understand it.
But, if you were
to tell somebody
on the outside we've got
thousands of extraterrestrials
here, they're working with us--
so how do you convince them
what's going on, or do you?
>>SMITH: Absolutely not.
I'm not here to convince
anyone of anything.
I'm here to tell you my
experiences to the best
of my ability, and that's all.
And a lot of these
people out there wanting
to kick the tires on the UFO,
and it doesn't work that way.
What I tell everyone is
don't believe anything
you hear, see, read,
watch, because all
that can be manipulated.
What you need to do is
you need to go out there,
and you need to investigate
yourself, like I did,
and like many others
have done, and interview
many, many other people, to see
how the stories do interlock,
and be an investigator.
Find out, and use your
heart, not your head.
And don't be ignorant, and
open up the possibility
that there might be life
beyond planet Earth.
And I think that the
majority of the population
is going in that trajectory.
I do believe that people are
getting more intelligent.
They're doing their
own investigations
and finding out information
on their own for themselves,
if anything, which is the
most important thing you
can do for yourself.
>>GEORGE: You have worked
side by side with these ETs.
Have you developed a
friendship with any of them?
>>SMITH: Yes, of course.
>>GEORGE: Have you
socialized with them at all?
>>SMITH: No, I've
never been topside
with any extraterrestrial
from within the projects.
You're not allowed to fraternize
with anyone from the projects
once you leave the project.
You're not allowed to
contact anyone that you know.
do anything like that.
Like I said, most of
them do stay underground
in the facilities.
I've never seen one topside that
were down in the facilities.
They have their own place
that they take them to.
I've never been there.
I don't know.
I just know they have
their own special area.
Just like I have to jump
on these different devices
to get to my workspace, they
also are going somewhere else.
>>GEORGE: Do they have names?
>>SMITH: Yes, they
do have names.
They also have numbers.
They like to refer
to them as numbers.
We don't have name badges, so
you guys know, on the projects.
We have these
bracelets that contain
a lot of our information, and
they know everywhere we're
at, all the time.
And, when you meet
an extraterrestrial--
not to sound funny, but it's
like meeting a performer--
they come up with a
regular English name.
>>GEORGE: For themselves?
>>SMITH: Yeah, for themselves.
Oh, no, just like you
know Ted, Jack, Jill.
I mean, so they come up with
this to make it easier for us,
because I think it's not
a security thing so much.
I think it's more of, "hey,
I'm kind of like you, too,
so don't treat me special.
But, at the same time, if
you have any questions,
I'd like to help you with that."
So they're very cordial.
They're very proper.
>>GEORGE: You've have
mentioned that they
communicate with telepathy.
Do they also speak?
>>SMITH: Yes, most ETs
that I've worked with all
speak perfect English and many
multiple languages easily.
It's kind of weird to
hear someone speak so many
different languages.
Their brain capacity,
and IQ, and intelligence
is so far beyond ours.
>>GEORGE: Oh, yeah.
It's got to be immense.
>>SMITH: You kind of
feel like the child
all the time around them.
>>GEORGE: But their heads
look the same as ours?
>>SMITH: Yes.
Yes, absolutely.
>>GEORGE: So they've come here.
Have we gone there to help them?
>>SMITH: Well, there's
rumor about that.
I don't know firsthand.
I just know second
hand experience
that there have been
people that have
gone to other civilizations.
But that's just second hand
information I couldn't verify.
>>GEORGE: Emery, as you've
worked with them, what
have you learned about them?
What have they taught you?
>>SMITH: Well, they
taught me many things.
I think we've--
not only myself--
I speak for others
in the projects--
that you learn so
much, because you're
dealing with someone from,
let's say, another country,
and you're learning
all about their habits,
and what's fun for
them, and their hobbies.
And, at the same time,
you're being taught a lesson
of love and compassion.
And, a lot of times,
the banter is not--
you don't really get
to sit there and say,
"well, how was your day?
And what movie did you see last
night, and how are the kids?"
It's more like this is what
we're working on today.
We kind of keep it with that.
And what's funny is,
they'll say something like,
"sorry about what
happened last night."
>>GEORGE: They know.
>>SMITH: They already
know everything,
so there's like no secrets.
And I think that was
probably one of the biggest
gifts, is to work
with a bunch of people
that you could be
yourself and never
have to be someone you weren't,
or embellish on anything.
You could just be you,
and they accepted you.
Because, you know,
everyone has secrets.
Everyone has some
good and bad to them.
And they know immediately
kind of everything about you,
and especially if you think
about it in your head,
like a past memory,
like if you were
a child, or a bad situation,
or a good situation.
They know it immediately.
And it's funny, because, even
though you're on a Friday--
you know, working
late Friday night--
and you have a date
that night, and you're
kind of anxious to get out of
there, and they're laughing,
you know, they're chuckling.
I never said anything.
But they're laughing
and chuckling.
They're like, "oh, I hope
everything goes great for you
tonight."
It's just like this
really comic, that funny,
lighthearted acceptance
of each other.
>>GEORGE: Have you ever
witnessed a temper from them?
>>SMITH: Never.
>>GEORGE: Ever?
>>SMITH: No.
>>GEORGE: They've never
been out of character?
>>SMITH: Never.
>>GEORGE: What do they
want out of all this?
>>SMITH: I think they really do,
the ones that are here, really
want to help.
They really want to
be part of the history
of the lineage of humans.
These people, I
think, have something
to do with our
future, to be honest.
I think they're here
to keep us on track,
and to make sure we don't
do anything to destroy
the planet and each other.
>>GEORGE: Are they amazed at
how warring we are as a species?
We're always fighting.
>>SMITH: Yes, we're
always fighting.
And we're always warring,
and we're all fear based.
And that's the--
where they come from,
there is no fear based anything.
You don't have to
worry about war.
worry about money.
You don't have to
worry about disease.
If we've got rid of all this
stuff, which we will soon,
we could be a more
productive race.
And that can do amazing things.
And I think a lot of
that's going to be coming,
a big breakthrough for all of
us here coming shortly right up
the chain here in a few years.
>>GEORGE: What planetary
system are they from?
>>SMITH: I don't know exactly.
They don't really talk about
exactly where they're from.
The only thing I can
guess is somewhere
from Arcturus and
Pleiades systems,
and somewhere from Boots.
And that's the only
thing I could really
make a correlation with.
They never would come
out and say, "well, I'm
from this place."
Because a star system--
that's like saying, "well,
you know, I'm from"--
>>GEORGE: Third star on--
>>SMITH: Yeah, you
know what I'm saying.
So it doesn't work
that way specifically.
And I never had a conversation
where they actually looked
at me and said, "well, I am this
person from this place" at all.
It was more a very low key,
very casual conversations
and things like that.
>>GEORGE: Do you
remember the first time
you met an extraterrestrial?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>GEORGE: What was
that like for you?
>>SMITH: Well, I wasn't aware
that the person on the team
was until he telepathically
communicated with me.
And he didn't look like
any different than we did.
I had to take this
commander's word for it.
And we finished the project.
>>GEORGE: Did you believe it?
>>SMITH: Yes, I did, because,
when the introduction happened,
it was basically
"pleased to meet you"
is what I felt in my heart.
And I just looked and said
"pleased to meet you,"
but I said it like from inside.
>>GEORGE: From inside of you.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>GEORGE: And he
picked up on it.
>>SMITH: Oh, immediately.
The only thing I was
kind of jealous about--
they know everything about me,
but I don't have the training
to know everything about them.
So they have some sort of
block that they probably shut
down or shut off, that they
only transmit certain aspects
of communication for general,
back and forth banter, nothing
allowing me to you know
also make a connection,
to go in to see what they see.
>>GEORGE: If the world knew
what you know, and they're
getting there by
watching this program,
how much would they be in shock?
>>SMITH: I think,
when it does happen,
where there is maybe something
tangible as far as craft
coming, and beings coming--
>>GEORGE: Something's obvious--
>>SMITH: Something very obvious
that the media cannot hide--
I think people will be in
shock for a little bit.
And I think they're going to
be also in acceptance of it.
I don't think--
there's going to be,
of course, the naysayers,
and the fanatics,
and "this is bad," "these
are demons from Satan,"
and blah, blah, blah.
And that's OK.
Because, like I said, in
order to establish trust,
you have to watch what they do.
You have to see what this new
race is that we're meeting,
give them a chance,
and see what they show
us, show their true intentions.
>>GEORGE: And you
are very hopeful?
>>SMITH: I'm very
hopeful, absolutely,
very hopeful that,
when this happens,
it'll be a positive
event, and it also
is going to help us jump-start
our technologically advanced
civilization to end hunger,
to end homelessness,
to end disease, to end the
poisoning of the oceans,
and things like this.
So, overnight, I
think there will
be this slow transition
of technology,
and also how can we help you?
How can we help your planet?
It's not going to be like
they're coming here and saying,
"I want all your gold,
and your sperm, and eggs."
No.
I mean, they have
enough of that,
and they can make that
in any form they want.
>>GEORGE: Anytime they want.
>>SMITH: Right, so I don't
see what that would serve.
>>GEORGE: Somewhere
along the line,
there's got to be an
agreement between governments
and the ETs for this to happen.
How do you think that occurred?
>>SMITH: Yeah, I
don't believe the ETs
need any agreements to be here.
They are so
technologically advanced.
If they didn't want--
they don't need to tell
anyone they're here.
There could be an ET
in this room right now
in the production crew.
You wouldn't even know it.
>>GEORGE: But
somebody, somewhere
had to arrange the working
relationship with them.
>>SMITH: I mean, how would
they even know they were ET?
>>GEORGE: Yeah, but how
would they get hired?
How would they get
brought in on a project?
>>SMITH: Well, like I said,
they have come and integrated
themselves in all
the societies here,
and are just kind of
watching what's going on,
and working as
regular individuals.
And I mean regular individuals.
>>GEORGE: Don't they
disclose they're ETs?
>>SMITH: No, absolutely not.
>>GEORGE: They don't?
>>SMITH: No, they do not.
No one knows they're ETs.
>>GEORGE: Wait a minute.
You mean everybody
that's working with them,
nobody knows they're ETs?
>>SMITH: I'm talking about the
topside extraterrestrials that
are working in your
major corporations
and also in political
governments.
>>GEORGE: Nobody
knows they're ETs?
>>SMITH: No one
knows those are ETs.
>>GEORGE: So they've
been infiltrated?
>>SMITH: They have definitely
been infiltrated in a good way.
>>GEORGE: Why would it
be a good way, Emery,
if they don't want to
disclose who they are?
>>SMITH: You know, it's
just like the parents
watching the children.
Is it sinister that they're
tracking them on their phones?
>>GEORGE: Yeah.
>>SMITH: Because they need
to know, and keep them safe,
and make sure they're not
doing the wrong thing.
So they're gathering
information,
and gathering the conscious
levels and energies of society.
And many ETs walk amongst
us in a diverse amount
of ways, which means--
it's not like they're all
billionaires in charge
of major corporations.
I'm saying there's ETs washing
dishes down at the restaurant,
and there's ETs that are
running major corporations.
They're all over, just kind of
integrated and following us.
>>GEORGE: You had mentioned
that they live underground.
It sounds like an
organized situation to me.
What's going on there?
>>SMITH: Well, like I
said, these ETs have either
been captured,
they crashed here,
or they volunteered
to be here regardless.
And they feel much safer
working in the projects
underground than
ever going topside.
I mean, if you were
visiting another planet,
and there's a lot of
turmoil on the topside,
and now your face has already
been exposed to the government
and military, and you're
an extraterrestrial,
it's not safe for them to be
up there once they're exposed.
And they have-- the
agenda is that they
want to stay down there.
They want to help us
with these technologies.
They want to further
our life expansion
and clean up the planet.
>>GEORGE: Did you
pick up anything
about their spirituality, their
belief in a god, what they do?
>>SMITH: Yeah, I learned
some different sciences
that I was not familiar with.
And it was really--
I kind of already had
this belief system.
But the best way I could put
it is that we're forever,
and there's not really--
there's a death, like
a physical death,
but you don't really ever die.
There's a part of you
that is energetic,
whether you call it
the soul or the spirit,
and it goes on, and
on, and on, and on.
And there is a little
bit of control over that,
of where you choose to
go in that next lifetime.
So they believe in
this foreverness.
And they also
believe in longevity.
So, if you choose to live a
couple thousand years, you can.
They have that choice.
We don't, because we fall
under this horrible control
program of being
diseased and sick,
and they don't want
anyone living over 135
on the planet, which we could
easily live a few hundred more
years with the
technology we have
and the medical technologies
that we have that's
being suppressed.
>>GEORGE: Do you like
them as individuals?
>>SMITH: Yes, I've never
met one that I did not like.
>>GEORGE: How did
they get placed
into some of these
positions to work on some
of this incredible technology?
I mean, how did they do--
they didn't just pop up.
>>SMITH: Well, wherever
they came from,
however they got into the
project and conversed with some
of the leaders in
there, they know--
"oh, he's really good
with engineering,
with propulsion units."
"He's really good with
the anti-gravitic stuff."
"He's really good with biology."
"He's really good
with genetics."
I mean, they already
have a predisposition
and lots of training,
these extraterrestrials,
where they can be
multifaceted and put
into many different positions.
They might be working,
helping reverse engineer
a craft one day, and
then the next day they're
in the operating room.
So it's a very
interesting dynamic.
They have many different skills.
I've never learned,
from any of them,
how they actually got
there, from step one
all the way to being next to me.
But all I know is they had
many different job positions
that they could fill.
>>GEORGE: Emery, thanks for
sharing this information.
>>SMITH: You're welcome, George.
>>GEORGE: This is
"Cosmic Disclosure."
Thank you for watching.
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies, the
military and secret space
programs--
>>SMITH: Oh, we're probably a
few million, that I'm aware of,
that are constantly
coming and going, though.
>> They have the ability to
climb up walls and on ceilings.
>> Most of the information I
have has had to do with genetic
code being pretty much the
currency of the universe.